Bosnia faced Germany in Sarajevo in
their final group one game in European
under-21 Championship qualifying knowing
that realistically only victory would
put them into the playoffs the homicide
who secured second place with victory
against Greece last time out made the
perfect start try Camille Anchorage who
plays for Kremen AZ in Italy's third
tier was left unmarked to head home the
opener after eleven minutes his fourth
goal in four qualifiers it didn't take
long though for group winners Germany to
level defender yang Kirsch off looping a
header over the goalkeeper for the
equalizer but Bosnia reclaimed the lead
almost straight from the kickoff again
Gyrich was left all on his own this to
get his second of the game from an
English car Center
fifteen minutes later the big target man
jump hires to convert a mirror slaps to
vanovech cross completing a first half
hat-trick of headers
at this stage Bosnia appeared to be on
the way to a convincing victory and
probable playoff qualification but
Germany have displayed remarkable
resilience during this campaign winning
all nine previous matches and they got
back into it just before the hour
Sebastian told her controlled
kirchhoff's deep cross before driving in
from 18 yards six minutes later the
visitors were on level terms Russia
Dortmund midfielder Maurice Lightner
allowed to run at the Bosnia defense
before unleashing a rocket into the top
corner are quite sumptuous strike
putting the home team's qualification
chances back in the balance
but Bosnia regained the lead 17 minutes
from time captain nemanja bill BIA
crossed to the far post and Jurek
returned it into the center where sir
down Rehovot made it for free from close
range to the delight of his teammates
and coach
that though wasn't the end of the drama
with 86 when it's gone
lightness corner was headed back across
goal and Poulter applied the final
charts for the equalizer and his second
of the match disaster for Bosnia who saw
their playoff hopes disappearing indeed
they ended with the sound of the final
whistle a 4-4 draw not quite good enough
to see them through